It was an emergency.
It's just that I'm not as important as him
You listen to me
The teacher was banished from Beijing because of me
The reason why Lin Qinghuan was made difficult
It's also because the teacher is for me
Offended a lot of people
I can't ignore him
So you have to repay your teacher's kindness
I deserved to be left alone
Deserves to be laughed at by everyone, right?
He has been in poor health
Just suffered the pain of losing a woman again
I can't bear to say no to him
This time he came to you and you couldn't bear to refuse
What about next time?
In case he finally says he wants to marry you
Did you really refuse?
Miss, you are finally back.
Hey
Miss, are you all right?
Oh, I'm worried about the dead slaves.
Don't you know my ability?
What can I do?
That's right.
Does my father know about my disappearance?
The master is not in good health
The king told his servants
Don't worry him.
Shangguan arranged it very well
Yes, this servant went to ask the prince for help in the evening
He accompanied the slave to search all night
Later, the guards of the palace
All arranged to go out to find someone
Thanks to the prince
Miss, you just got back so soon.
Oh, I see.